# DS_Crop-yields
Hi Folks!

1) This a project to study the relationship between external factors like weather (rain and temperature) and  substancies that are used to redued the risk of a certain plague can screw up the perfrmance of different plantentions, againts the evolving crop-yield across the time. Therefore, We ran different approaches to tweak, cleanup and wrangling the information comming from the yield_df.csv file which is the root where we are retrieving all the information. The idea is create 2  Master Datasets, 1st to display all the evolution of the different crop planteations and 2nd is to display the external variables that affect the perdormace of the platation. 
2) In the second phase of the project we created a double-log model to understand how the elasticities of the weathers and sustancies play a key role in crop forecasting, plus we continue to  export the dataset that contains all the exogenous variables around the time into a xlsx file to create and train an Arima model in Rstudio, the reason behing we are flipping the enviroment rather than use python it's because R-lenguague brings back more quality analysis and outcomes to get a more accurate prediction. Moreover, once the goal is reached we prooced to export the exognous variables to python in cvs files (avg rain-fall, avg temp, pesticides).
3) Finally, we crcle back to python to recalibrate the estimated information and merge it with the dataset that contains the crobs information. After applying some matricial calculations to get the final dataset that contains the external variables uptaded (weather and pesticides),we noticed that some NaN values into the Cassava Column are displayed, partly becasue we expanded the timeframe to forecast 10 years going forward how would be performing the Cassava plantation. However taking adventage of the double-log  model developed previously we succed to fill out the Missed values on the Cassava column to forecast acurratly the performace of the crop up to 2023, same approach which is displayen in a nicely plot chart. 
